hello that's pleymo module 64 at
fake of course the whole resort to
present it's my barbaric army
so knight so the barbarians
delegate at Templar students
and chili some characters in bus
so if so all the horses we have
So here my many barber
knight other western
here are Templars so tied to all that
nine templars in all here I love
impulse cavalry plane that's so we
goes to the beards so it's a beautiful
kick them cradle heart archier spite
that he has with their shields that she
please portland hours at by trees and
you great so here we go to hong kong with
a belgian missile
if not well the vikings 11 vikings shine
15 9 and 24 or 25 horses 11 victims
so with the chef there my favorite is
this one as I love it finds it
really well done
here 18 knights of the lion are only
dyke behind the 5 ft kir and she goes
said with a strand here actually I him
break the leg without doing it on purpose roger
meece so I think it's cool
here in Pau
on the other hand they exchange and people do not
did not long make the streak in
paper the undocumented wii and j wallraff
and so he does not hold very good yet
there again sorbet soldiers sort of
two other lords chevallier King
had offered him the general and a gap
to the Bastille a brigand so I'm going
converted into scout and so we have a
Cossack and a Mongolian warrior and
Mongolians and the kozak cosatu that I love
besides I find fishing are not
a Masai warrior and four warriors
Gallic
so here is the free flow
maintain that way that I have not hurt so
it's 25 horses and all in all
counting two Maasai warriors did
61 gaye here is 61
plus there are about sixty
of Roman there so it's 120
characters that's huge i find is
still at a friend's house there are still
Egyptians there are others to me I
not counted northerners say it's all
I think we are in total agreement
total of all the characters the hobbit
we have to have 200
huge
it was also a lot of time that
collection is here so that's it for
this video I hope you go
also watch my video for vermis
view so it's gameplay on the soup
cube
I think I see it is very calm
on it and so call the score
final I had it was a little late
but if we come back right away
so I did it quietly a
fire he for 29 dead
not 23 dead here in nine bowling
for 23 dead
and that gave me a total of 249 points
so that's so it's a good part g
I hope you take the time to
watch the gameplay from before the video there
where I present the Roman army that one
of course
the ouch who commented all my recent
videos etc and we'll meet again soon
with